## Question 1
### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of playful cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.

A website presenting students' basic information as playing cards is a digestible and engaging way for students to introduce themselves and get to know one another; that is, to create and present, as well as read and interpret, content. Another, more widely beneficial use for this format could be inputting the "history, please" entries into a playing card-style website, wherein each person, event, or trend is represented with a card. The history, please project as it exists now has users navigate by pressing a button taking them to a random entry. Lack of uniformity in page formatting is unprofessional and not aesthetically pleasing, while inability to navigate to a user's desired entry makes it difficult for users to engage with the content. A playing card-style page would allow users to access all entries in one place, formatted and organized: a much more professional and easily navigable website, making content accessible and engaging. Furthermore, while the website with our student records is only valuable to a small group (those of us in the course, and perhaps a few javascript enthusiasts), the history, please entries are valuable to all who want to learn about Canada -- a decidedly larger audience. 

## Question 2
### This assignment asks you all to perform a certain amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 

The researcher has a responsibility to ensure all students' information is stored in a secure place, and be open with students about what information will be made public. This is especially important when dealing with sensitive personal information like email addresses. The researcher should not store or use the participants' information in a way that the participants have not consented to. Furthermore, as these playing cards are meant to be a representation of the participants and a way of facilitating student interaction, the researcher should allow the participants to represent themselves in a way they feel is accurate and are comfortable with. Allow students to include preferred names and pronouns, and withhold contact information, photograph, or legal name if they do not feel comfortable sharing. 

As the end product is the participants' creation, the participants have a right to the final say about what happens with their contribution. For instance, if one participant wants their entry removed when the website is shown to a subsequent class as an exemplar, they have a right to have their entry removed, even if it is against the researcher's wishes.

## Question 3
### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?

For a "history, please" themed playing card site as described above, each card would need a field for a picture, a title, as well as descriptive data, which would vary depending on the item. For instance, people would need a birth/death date, profession, and description of what makes them noteworthy. Events would need a date as well as a description, as would trends. Depending on the type of person/event/trend, there may be other specific fields, such as an artist's discography or the death toll of a war. 

Having each entry consist of discrete fields can be a tedious and inefficient way of going about the project. It also limits the versatility of each trading card, because, for instance, it only allows for one photo per card where some entries may benefit from having multiple photos. These two problems combined create the necessity of a simple, boilerplate-style format, which prevents in-depth engagement with content.
